This country will never
be tainted by cafe sieges
we will always ride together
from the mountains
where the bush fires rage
we stand together
down to the shore
where the lifesavers age
under that great Southern Sun
My Australia is one
where women wear their
sarees and their
colourful hijabs proudly
men don sweat stained collars
like war badges
You can get the best
fur in Sydney
The realist Lebanese and
Chinese and you feel at ease
because no one judges
your garlic breath
or the tabbouleh
stuck in your teeth
It is a place where
you can get the most
authentic spices in
shops where foreign
signs sit like
jewelled crowns atop
their doors
It is neighbours passing
barbecued meat
over the fence and
always saying hello
It is all the stoic
traditions, it is stoic
a community that's been
hardened by media headlines
It is targeted it is judged
it is 3:00 a.m.
sirens and
perceived thugs but
it is also where the
call to prayer
gently interludes with
the ringing of church bells
It is coexistence
artistic resistance
like the four elements
youth hip hop festival
and the largest poetry slam
in the country
It is my dad's voice
twenty-five years on
accent thick with resilience
warm like an autumn
breeze smelling of
petrol and truck
smoke and all the
forgotten things all
those art are in
detainee and the
crushed petals that
were once dreams
saying to me "We are lucky"
It's not perfect
but it's home
It will never be perfect
but it will always be home
My Australia is home when the
rest of the world says no